---
date: 2026-02-02
time: 17:40
tags:
  - meeting
  - stage
  - publish
attendees: []
type:
  - kickoff
---
# ğŸ¤ Meeting

**Datum**: 2026-02-02 
**Tijd**: 09:00
**Locatie**: Secamo Antwerpen
**Aanwezig**: 
- [[Xander Boedt]]
- [[Warre Gehre]]

## ğŸ“‹ Agenda

****
**Punten**

1. Toegang meetdistrict --> zie mail 
   Eventueel parking ook via mail
   Mail met toegang moet nog komen
2. T
3. 

## ğŸ“ Notities & Discussie

### Topic 1

#### **PRIORITY 1 (Answer by End of W1)**

1. **Cloud Platform Decision:**
    
    - Should we target Azure (student's background), AWS, or GCP for the PoC?
      **AWS**
        
    - Are there budget constraints or existing Secamo cloud tenants we should use?
      **Laten weten aan Xander zodat hij een alert erop kan zetten.**
        
    - Who provides cloud credentials / cloud account access?
      **Xander**
        
2. **Orchestrator Selection:**
    
    - Recommended orchestrator: Camunda (free community), Argo (open-source, Kubernetes-native), or custom Python/FastAPI?
      TODO

    - Any Secamo preference based on customer base or internal tooling?
      TODO
        
    - Should we evaluate multiple orchestrators in parallel (W1â€“4) or commit to one tool in W4?
      TODO
        
3. **Secamo Context & Pain Points:**
    
    - What are Secamo's 1â€“2 most pressing orchestration challenges with current clients?
        
    - Can the PoC directly address these use cases, or is this purely research-oriented?
        
    - Are there existing Secamo automation projects (Terraform, Ansible) the PoC should integrate with or learn from?
        
4. **Security & Confidentiality Boundaries:**
    
    - What customer data / configurations can I reference in PoC documentation?
        
    - Which parts of Secamo's infrastructure are off-limits for PoC deployment?
        
    - Are there Secamo security policies (e.g., password management, IP whitelisting) I must follow?
        
5. **Stakeholder Management:**
    
    - Who are the key decision-makers/stakeholders I should brief? (e.g., Joost Daem, product team, delivery team)
        
    - Should we have a kickoff meeting with stakeholders in W1, or is Xander the sole point of contact?

### Topic 2


## âœ… Beslissingen
- 
- 

## ğŸ¯ Action Items
- [ ] [@Warre] 
- [ ] [@Xander] 

## ğŸ“… Volgende Meeting
**Datum**:  
**Onderwerpen**:

## ğŸ”— Links

- Project: [[]]
- Related: [[]]

---
**Daily note**: [[2026-02-01]]
